Add FloatScaleFilter to format spec (#3494)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB: format_spec/filter_pipeline.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Max window size | `uint32_t` | Maximum window size in bytes |

### Float Scale Filter Reduction Options

The filter options for `TILEDB_FILTER_SCALE_FLOAT` has internal format:

| **Field** | **Type** | **Description** |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Scale | `double` | Scale parameter used for float scaling filter conversion |
| Offset | `double` | Offset parameter used for float scaling filter conversion |

> | Byte width | `double` | Width of the stored integer data in bytes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Byte width | `uint64_t` | Width of the stored integer data in bytes |
```
Typo
